# IMAGE GENERATOR SCRIPT USING PYTHON AND DALL-E and GPT-3
> This script uses the GPT-3 text completion models to generate a prompt that is then used to generate images. The results were interesting...

## Built With
- Python
- OPENAI API

## Live Demos
None at the moment, but may do an application that makes user guess between two images whether they are AI generated or taken by, edited by or created by a human

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- An [OPENAI](https://openai.com/api/) - You can sign up rom this page
- An Open AI Secret/API key [Generate Key from this page](https://beta.openai.com/account/api-keys). Make sure you store and copy the key somewhere safe.

### Setup
- Create a .api_key file and paste the api key generated above into file

### Install
To install relevant packages run following command: `pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Usage
- You may edit the number of images generated by changing the `NUM_IMAGE` constant
- If you wantto edit the prompt to generate text for the image prompt you can change it by chnaging the `PROMPT_FOR_TEXT` constant
- I you would like to change image quality, you can do so by change the `IMAGE_SIZE` contant. Please note you have a choice among 3 sizes: `1024x1024`, `512x512`, and `256x256`
- You can also change the model the text is generated from by changing the `TEXT_MODEL` constant. By default, it's the fastest (and cheapest) mode, `ada`
- The `intial_prompt` is not necessary, you can always edit code to exclue or change it to something different. I simply wanted to have a kitten drinking coffee to be my first image :) 
- You will get a resulting `images.csv` from the script that can be used to see the prompts generated for the image and the resulting image url. You may change the name by changing the `FILE_NAME` constant in code

### Run tests

### Deployment
run `python3 main.py` or   `python main.py` depending on system

## Troubleshooting
if you get the following error message when you run the script:
`openai.error.InvalidRequestError: Billing hard limit has been reached` it means your free trial period is over and that you need to set up payment to generate images. <br>
Go to the following links for more info: <br>
- [General OpenAI pricing](https://openai.com/api/pricing/) ( You'd more be concerned with the Image Model pricing)
- [Set up Billing information and usage limits](https://beta.openai.com/account/billing/overview)

If you do not have ability to pay for images (and you have already used up your free credts or they are expired), I unfortunately can't help you since the Image model is on a pay per use basis.

## References
Learn more about models used here: https://beta.openai.com/docs/introduction

## Authors

👤 **Maya D. - child of God**

- GitHub: [@mcrd25](https://github.com/mcrd25)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/mayadouglas)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments


## 📝 License
You are not allowed to use images as your own. They belong to owner of account used to generate.

Apologies for any and all typos. This was a really quick project write up 